# Bioanalytics - Research Project Template
This repository contains a template for a reproducible research project. The idea of reproducible research is that all the components of your work, such as the directory of input and output files, and evidently the structure and directory of analysis scripts, are prespecified. In this way, your work can be easily checked by adviser, mentors, collaborators, others working in your area, and the results can be easily regenerated by a click of a button.
This project also contains some already implemented scripts that that perform specific processes, like constructing diagrams, statistically analyzing data and so on.

## Folders
Brief description of the contents of each folder. 

- `analysis/`
  - This is the folder in which the analysis script(s) should be placed. Inside this folder there are **two template scripts in Python and R** with the recommended structure. Please mind to keep the structure as it is. 
  - Apparently, you can add more scripts if you like, but please mind to keep  `analyis.py` and/or `analysis.R` as the **main scripts**. This means that the results should be regenerated by just executing one of those scripts.
  - There is also a [README file](https://github.com/BiodataAnalysisGroup/bioanalytics/tree/main/analysis#readme) inside this folder for more information.

- `input/`
  - This folder should contatin all the necessary inputs of your project.
  - **Your inputs should be placed inside the`input/analysis` directory**.
  - Inside the `input/` directory, apart from the `analysis/` folder, there are some extra folders that contain the inputs from the already implemented scripts. The names of these folders are the names of the corresponding scripts. For example, the `arc_diagram/` folder correspond to the `arc_diagram.R` script inside the `scripts/` directory.

- `output/`
  - In this folder should be placed all the outputs of your project.
  - **Your outputs should be placed inside the `output/analysis` directory**.
  - Inside the `output/` directory, apart from the  `analysis/` folder, there are some extra folders that contain the outputs of the already implemented scripts. The names of these folders are the names of the corresponding scripts. For example, the `arc_diagram/` folder correspond to the  `arc_diagram.R` script inside the `scripts/` directory.

-`scripts/`
  - This folder contains **already implemented scripts that perform specific jobs**, as descibed below. Inside the folder, there is a [README file](https://github.com/BiodataAnalysisGroup/bioanalytics/blob/main/scripts/README.md) for more information. **If you don't need to use them, please totally ignore this folder**.
  1. `arc_diagram.R`: creating arc diagrams (?).
  2. `cloning_comparison.R`: Cloning comparison (?).
  3. `gene_repertoire_comparison.R`: Gene repertoire comparison (?).


**If you wish to add extra implemented scripts in this Research project, please mind to keep the recommended structure. This means that you should add script inside the `scripts/` directory and the inputs-outputs should be placed to the corresponding folders. Moreover, please remember to add instructions in the corresponding README files**
