# Analysis scripts template
This folder contains two template scripts implemented in Python and R that follow a recommended structure. Please mind to keep their structure.

## Structure of the template scripts:

- `analysis.R`
  - **R version**: R version 4.0.3 (2020-10-10)
  - **input**: This file reads inputs from the `input/analysis/` directory of your main local repository. The input directory is specified in line 20 inside the script.
  - **output**: This file places outputs in the `output/analysis/` directory of your main local repository. The outpuut directory is specified in line 21 inside the script.
  - **Libraries**: Please feel free to add your own libraries in line 15. **Delete lines 12-13 if they are useless, they are just examples**.
  - **EXAMPLE**: IThe example session begins at line 27. The input is specified in line 35, which is an `example.txt` file inside the `/input/analysis/` directory of your main local repository. The output file is specified in line 43, which is an `output.txt` file inside the `output/analysis/` directory of your main local repository. **Please execute the example once to ensure that everything works well**. 

- `analysis.py`
  - **Python version**: Python 3.8.5 (default, Sep  4 2020, 07:30:14) 
  - **input**: This file reads inputs from the `input/analysis/` folder of your main local repository. The input directory is specified in line 17 inside the script.
  - **output**: This file stores the output inside the  `output/analysis/` folder of your main remote repository. The outpuut directory is specified in line 18 inside the script.
  - **Libraries**: Please feel free to add your own libraries in line 5.
  - **EXAMPLE**: The example session begins at line 28. The input is specified in line 32, which is an `example.txt` file inside the `input/analysis/` directory of your main local repository. The output is file is specified in line 39, which is an`output.txt` file inside the `output/analysis/` directory of your main local repository. **Please execute the example once to ensure that everything works well**.

## Important note!
**The results of your project should be regenerated by just executing either `analysis.py` or `analysis.R` script. Apparently, you can add more scripts if you like, however try to maintain the analysis scripts as your main scripts**.
